For other uses, see Bombers (disambiguation).

Bombardiro Crocodilo (sometimes Bombardino or Bombardilo) is a military bomber with the head of a crocodile superimposed. He was created by TikTok user @armenjiharhanyan on February 20th, 2025.[1][2].

The narration starts by describing Bombardiro Crocodilo and his activities, after which it turns into meta commentary directed at the viewer warning them not to translate the lyrics. The entire lyrics is considered to be one of the most offensive/extreme lyrics throughout mainstream Italian Brainrot characters, perhaps only behind Tralalero Tralala.

Bombardiro Crocodilo, un fottuto alligatore volante, che vola e bombarda i bambini a Gaza e in Palestina. Non crede in Allah, e ama le bombe. Si nutre dello spirito di tua madre. E se hai tradotto tutto questo, allora sei uno stronzo. Non rompere la battuta, prostituta.

Bombardiro Crocodillo, a fucking flying alligator who flies and bombs children in Gaza and Palestine. Doesn't believe in Allah and loves bombs. He feeds on the spirit of your mother. If you translated all that, then you're an asshole. Don't ruin the joke, prostitute.

Bombardiro Crocodillo, un puto caimán volador que vuela y bombardea niños en Gaza y Palestina. No cree en Allah y le encantan las bombas. Se alimenta del espíritu de tu pinche madre. Si tradujiste todo eso, eres un pendejo. No arruines el chiste, zorra.

鳄鱼轰炸机，一只该死的飞行鳄鱼，在巴勒斯坦飞来飞去轰炸加沙的孩子们。牠不相信真主，喜欢炸弹。啃食你母亲的精神。如果你翻译到这里了，那你就是个白痴。别打破这个笑话，婊子。

Бомбардир Крокодило, чёртов летающий аллигатор, который летает и бомбит детей в Газе и Палестине. Он не верит в Аллаха и обожает бомбы. Он питается душой твоей матери. И если ты всё это перевёл, то ты мудак. Не порти шутку, проститутка.

Since his debut, Bombardiro Crocodilo has reached very high levels of popularity, becoming the fifth most popular character[3] in the universe. It quickly gained the status of a fan-favorite creature, often being put in the highest spots in user-generated rankings[4]. However, it has also sparked controversy regarding its narration. Viewers have deemed lines such as "Non crede in Allah" and "bombarda i bambini a Gaza e in Palestina" offensive, as it is perceived to mock the military conflict in Gaza.

Despite this, this brainrot has inspired a significant amount of spin-off brainrots, such as Bombombini Gusini, which is a goose superimposed on a bomber plane, with some of these having acheived mainstream recognition.

In late 2025, Bombardiro Crocodilo was removed from the Roblox game Plants vs Brainrots due to an unknown reason. However, fans of the game have speculated online it could be due to copyright (however this is a dubious claim due to AI-generated images being unable to be copyrighted (except in the UK and Hong Kong), and no public records listing Bombardiro Crocodilo as copyrighted IP[5]. Hence, the most likely reason is due to it's extremely offensive lyrics, a reason more likely due to the fact that Tralalero Tralala, another brainrot with offensive lyrics, was removed along with Bombardiro Crocodilo.

In fanmade battles, Bombardiro Crocodilo is often considered one of the strongest characters in the universe due to his sheer physical power. His body being that of a bomber plane is enough to easily overpower most characters due to it's aerial advantage, which most Italian Brainrots do not have. His main technique revolves around chasing his opponent and dropping a bomb on them from the sky[6].