For other uses, see Sahur (disambiguation).

Tung Tung Tung Sahur (properly Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Sahur) is an Indonesian brainrot character published on the 28th of February, 2025 by @noxaasht.[1] Tung Tung Tung Sahur is an anthropomorphic log who wields a baseball bat as a weapon.

According to the sound, if you are called for Sahur (an early breakfast in Ramadan) and do not respond, then the creature will come for you.

In "Tung Tung Tung", the "Tungs" are onomatopoeic; they represent the beat of a kentongan before "Sahur" in order to wake them up.[2] Sahur, or otherwise spelt Suhur, Suhoor, among other spellings, is a tradition in many Islamic countries where Muslims have food at dawn before the sun rises on the first day of Ramadan, before the fasting of Ramadan.

Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Tung Sahur. Anomali mengerikan yang hanya keluar pada sahur. Konon katanya kalau ada orang yang dipanggil sahur tiga kali dan tidak nyaut, maka makhluk ini datang di rumah kalian. Hiiii, seramnya! Tung tung ini biasanya bersuara layaknya pukulan kentungan sepereti ini. Tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung! Share ke teman kalian yang susah sahur.

Tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung Sahur. A terrifying anomaly that appears during Sahur. It is said that if someone is called for sahur three times and does not answer, then this creature will come to your house. Ahhh, how scary! This Tung tung usually makes a sound like a gong like this. Tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung, tung! Share this with your friends who have trouble eating sahur.

Tung Tung Tung Sahur quickly became the most popular creature in the Italian/Indoniesan Brainrot universe. It had a large impact on the community - popularising the usage of the "Screaming by DJ Rest DWI/Gud Night Empty Bottle" sound (also known as "The Sound Of Your Fear"), with the song becoming the most commonly used background music for Italian Brainrots. It also led to the creation of many spin-offs, such as Ta Ta Ta Sahur, whom of which have gained significant mainstream attention.

Among the Italian Brainrot community, Tung Tung Tung Sahur is one of the most recognisable brainrots, being one of, if not the most popular brainrot when ranked by search results.[3]

Main article: Removal of Tung Tung Tung Sahur from Steal a Brainrot

On September 13th, 2025, @noxaasht and the company representing him, Mementum Lab, contacted SpyderSammy, the creator of the hit Roblox game Steal a Brainrot. It was known to many that @noxaasht was attempting to copyright Tung Tung Tung Sahur, despite this being legally dubious in many countries, and whilst the exact details are unknown, Tung Tung Tung Sahur was removed from the game as SpyderSammy told @noxaasht and Mementum Lab to contact his lawyers.[4] The exact reason for this was later confirmed to be due to copyright from SpyderSammy himself[4], and this led to quite some controversy as many fans were enraged with @noxaasht's actions.

However, later on the 30th of November, 2025, Tung Tung Tung Sahur returned as a Secret brainrot, and remains in Steal a Brainrot to this day. However, it is important to note that unlike other games such as Plants vs Brainrots who have officially obtained a license from Mementum Lab[5], Steal a Brainrot does not appear on Mementum Lab's partnerships page. This indicates that SpyderSammy likely continued with the inclusion of Tung Tung Tung Sahur nevertheless despite Noxa's complaints, indicating that a deal was likely not struck.

The character is often cited as the strongest character in many fanmade depictions. This comes from the powerful bat it wields and its supernatural abilities, as along with simply hitting its opponents with its weapon, it is also famously known for being able to transform into a more powerful form - a giant wooden gorilla.[6] Thanks to this transformation ability, it is frequently depict as being impossible for opponents to win against Tung Tung Tung Sahur.