Brr Brr Patapim (or simply just Patapim) is an Italian Brainrot created by TikTok user @ofuscabreno on the 18th of February, 2025.[1]

It is depicted as a hybrid creature, combining features of a giant proboscis monkey and a tree. Brr Brr Patapim has notably large feet, with legs intertwined with tree branches, while its small hands emerge from its head. Its body is predominantly covered in leaves, except for its feet. In visual representations, Brr Brr Patapim is often shown standing on a cement road within a forested background. He hates the blue frog Slim.

Brrr Brrr Patapim, il mio cappello è pieno di Slim! Nel bosco fitto e misterioso viveva un essere assai curioso. Con radici intrecciate e gambe incrociate, mani sottili, braccia agitate. Il suo naso lungo come un prosciutto, un po' babbuino, un po' cespugliotto. Si chiamava Patapim, oh che strano, e parlava italiano ma con accento arcano! Un giorno trovò un cappello dorato: "Perfetto!" gridò, "che bel risultato!" Ma dentro c'era Slim, il ranocchio blu, che faceva "brr, brr" senza un perché in più. Patapim piangeva: "Mio caro cappello, ora c'è Slim, che guaio, che duello!" Saltava, rideva, si disperava, ma il ranocchio mai se ne andava. Con foglie sui gomiti e muschio sul mеnto, corse nel bosco spinto dal vento. Andò dal mago Tiramisu chiеdendo aiuto con un gran "ciuu ciuu"! Il mago rispose, mangiando un panino: "Per togliere Slim, serve un palloncino!" Così Patapim, con gran confusione, soffiò nel pallone con emozione. Slim volò, con un grande "boom", sparendo nel cielo come un bel fungo di fumo! Ora Patapim balla nel vento.

Brrr Brrr Patapim, my hat is full of Slim! In the thick and mysterious forest lived a very curious being. With entwined roots and crossed legs, thin hands, waving arms - his nose was long like a ham, a bit baboon, a bit bushy. His name was Patapim, oh, how strange, and he spoke Italian but with an arcane accent! One day, he found a golden hat, “Perfect!” he shouted, “what a great result!” But inside was Slim, the blue frog, who went “Brrr brrr!” without a reason more. Patapim cried: “My dear hat! Now there’s Slim, what a mess, what a spat[2]!” He jumped, laughed, despaired, but the frog never went away. With leaves on his elbows and moss on his chin he ran into the forest pushed by the wind He went to the magician Tiramisu, asking for help with a big “Choo chuhoo!” The magician replied, eating a panini: “To remove Slim, you need a balloon!” So Patapim, with great confusion, blew into the balloon with excitement. Slim flew, with a big BOOM, disappearing into the sky like a beautiful mushroom of smoke! Now Patapim dances in the wind.

Brr Brr Patapim initially wasn't very popular, but after some time he became one of the most beloved characters in the fandom. Viewers were endeared by his wholesome, yet menacing appearence and his beautiful, heart-wrenching story. He also inspired fans to create similar characters, such as Tric Trac Barabum, Patapimus Maximus, Brr Brr Tarflem, Brr Brr Mamabim, most of which have not gained mainstream recognition.

The creators of the brainrot, Mementum Lab who represents Breno, have attempted to copyright the brainrot. This has led to its removal from complying Roblox games, such as Plants Vs Brainrots and it’s replacement with Ero Era Fostera.[3] However, the brainrot remains in more resilient games such as Steal a Brainrot.[4]

The character is generally depicted as a benevolent creature, and in battles, isn't depicted as a very strong fighter, despite his size. His lack of proper arms is limiting his potential in battle, which makes him lose most matchups. He usually uses powers such as transformation, but this does not always work in his favor[5].

His most famous fanmade fight was against Tung Tung Tung Sahur, which he won by crushing Tung Tung Tung Sahur with his giant feet. So he’s still pretty strong for the small brainrots because he can crush them with his giant feet so As part tree, Brr Brr Patapim can root into the ground, control moss and vines, and even cause rapid forest growth to entangle enemies or escape if he needs to.

Brr Brr Patapim (Vietnamese)