Lirilì Larilà (Also known as Lirili Larila) is a well-known Italian Brainrot Character published on the 10th of February, 2025. He has the appearance of a two-legged elephant with a cactus body and two slippers. Appears in the desert with something resembling hot air balloons or seashells and a floating alarm clock in the background. The original video he appeared in has been taken down. It wanders the desert with a floating tiny mystical clock. This bizarre creature is essentially a giant living cactus with the head of an elephant, complete with floppy ears and a tiny trunk. Instead of elephant feet, Lirili's two legs end in oversized beach slippers. According to Non-Canon/Fictional Stories, Lirilì Larilà can grow up to 15-18 feet tall.

Lirilì Larilà, elefante nel deserto che cammina qua e là. Con la sua conchiglia e un orologio che fa tic tac, le spine del cactus mi fanno un attacco flashback. Arriva zio Ramon su una mongolfiera blu, gridando: "Ma che fai lì? Ti piace pure il WiFi, tu?" Io rispondo senza fiato: "cerco solo di capire perché un cactus con sandali si possa anche vestire!"

Lirilì Larilà, elephant in the desert walking here and there. Wearing sandals and a clock that goes tick tack, the cactus' spines give me a flashback attack. Uncle Ramon arrives on a blue hot air balloon, yelling: "What are you doing here? You even like Wi-Fi, you?" I answer, breathless: "I'm just trying to understand why a cactus with sandals can also dress up!"

He is often cited to have the ability to control time through the alarm clock. This makes him have a powerful performance in battle, even defeating Tung Tung Tung Sahur and Tralalero Tralala. He has also been able to defeat characters like Cappuccino Assassino by just stomping him with his giant feet/sandals.

Lirilì Larilà wanders the desert in eternal search of water – and attention. This bizarre creature is essentially a giant living cactus with the head of an elephant, complete with floppy ears and a tiny trunk. Instead of elephant feet, Lirili's two legs end in oversized beach slippers.

Video recovered by @brainrotmaster900