Tralalero Tralala, sometimes spelt as Tralalelo Tralala, is the first and one of the most popular Italian brainrot characters.

He has the appearance of a blue shark, with elongated side fins that create legs. On his three feet, he wears blue Nike shoes. He appears in a beach setting, with sea waves and seagulls in the background. Additionally, the original video with Tralalero Tralala also includes a repeated explosion effect from CapCut.

Note: The term "Tralalero Tralala" and variations are filler words in Italian.

The term "Tralalero Tralala" in context of Italian Brainrot originated from a 2023 TikTok video where "The Rock" (Dwayne Johnson) or AI-generated versions of him would post videos saying absurd phrases that would rhyme. In one such video, he/the AI said: "Tralalero Tralala" before rhyming it with: "smerdo pure nell'aldilà", roughly translated to: "I defecated in the afterlife". Later in early 2025, TikTok users began posting absurd images of a shark with certain animal/human traits (such as wearing shoes, or having pigeon legs), some AI-generated, followed by an audio which contained the phrase. Since it was at the start of the audio, the creature began to be known as "Tralalero Tralala".[1][2]

Tralalero Tralala, porco Dio e porco Allah. Ero con il mio fottuto figlio merdardo a giocare a Fortnite, quando a un punto arriva mia nonna, Ornella Lecca-Cappella.[3]

Tralalero Tralala, porco Dio e porco Allah.

Ero con il mio fottuto figlio merdardo a giocare a Fortnite, quando a un punto arriva mia nonna, Ornella Lecca-Cappella, a avvisarci che quello stronzo di Burger ci aveva invitato a cena per mangiare un purè di cazzi.

E io gli ho risposto: "Ma col cazzo che ci vado, bastarda di una nonna puttana! Ogni volta che mi invita succede un fottuto bordello! Madonna bastarda!"

Non avessi mai rifiutato.

Quello coglione di Burger era appostato, zitto zitto, dietro la finestra, e appena ha sentito che ho rifiutato l'offerta, aprì il suo culone sparando uno stronzo di settanta chili che sfondò la finestra e smerdò tutta la casa di letame. Allora io talmente che mi ero incazzato forte, mi esplose il cazzo e gli finì il pene in bocca, e tutta la sborra si spanse per tutta casa, tingendola di bianco.

Allora Burger si abbassò le mutande, mi fece vedere il cazzo e poi glielo mise in bocca a mio figlio Merdardo. Porcaccio dio! Lì mi incazzai, e per risolvere, chiamai un mio caro amico, Arturo Cazzo-Duro, che gli fece vedere il suo cazzo duro, che era moooolto più duro di quello di Burger. Era, a tutti gli effetti, una terza gamba.

Burger si mise paura e si mise a piangere, scappando come un disabile.

Mo, io non ho più il cazzo, però almeno Burger non ha avuto la meglio questa volta. Chiamerò più spesso Arturo Cazzo-Duro.

Tralalero Tralala, damn God and damn Allah.[4] I was with my fucking shitty son playing Fortnite, when all of a sudden my grandma, Ornella Dickhead-Licker, comes in

Tralalero Tralala, damn God and damn Allah.

I was with my fucking shitty son playing Fortnite, when all of a sudden my grandma, Ornella Dickhead-Licker, shows up to tell us that the asshole Burger had invited us to dinner to eat a purée of dicks.

And I answered her, "No fucking way I'm going, you bastard whore of a grandma! Every time he invites me, it turns into a fucking clusterfuck! You bastard Madonna!"

I should have never refused.

That dickhead Burger was posted up, all quiet behind the window, and as soon as he heard that I'd refused the offer, he opened his giant ass, shooting a seventy-kilo turd that smashed through the window and shit-smeared the whole house with manure. So I got so fucking pissed off that my dick exploded and my penis ended up in his mouth, and all the cum spread all over the house, staining it white.

Then Burger pulled down his underwear and showed me his dick, and then he put it in my son Merdardo's mouth. Fucking Christ! That's when I got pissed off, and to solve it I called a dear friend of mine, Arthur Hard-Dick, who showed him his hard dick, which was waaaay harder than Burger's. It was, for all intents and purposes, a third leg.

Burger got scared and started crying, running away like a disabled person.

Now, I don't have a dick anymore, but at least Burger didn't get the upper hand this time. I'll call Arthur Hard-Dick more often.

The creation of Tralalero Tralala is credited to @eZburger401. A previously banned user who published a sound on TikTok featuring Tralalero Tralala's lyrics. Soon after, many TikTok users would share the audio. On January 8th, user @elchino1246 would publish a video using the audio, accompanied by a visual of a shark, mixed with a pigeon. On January 13th,  @amoamimandy.1a would pair the audio with an AI-generated shark with Nike shoes. This video, although now deleted, became the most popular depiction of Tralalero Tralala, gaining over 7 million views.[5][6]

Since its release, Tralalero Tralala has become immensely popular, being the second most popular Italian Brainrot character[7] and causing the trend to become mainstream. He sits among the fan-favourites of the Italian Brainrot universe and is often seen as the main character.

As the meme spread rapidly in early 2025, it sparked some controversy among viewers due to containing blasphemy against Christianity and Islam in its voiceover. Some have also labeled the entire audio as vulgar and offensive. This in effect caused backlash against brands such as KFC[8] for using the meme in promotional material, which was accused of Islamophobia.

Main article: Tralalero Tralala in combat

Despite being a shark, Tralalero Tralala is rarely seen using his jaws — he instead often stands up on his back legs and starts punching the opponent with boxing gloves[9] (since the videos are AI generated, logic of movement doesn't have to apply, and body parts are often added or removed from characters during the battle).

Generally, Tralalero Tralala appears weak compared to some other popular/powerful characters, due to his lack of powerful attributes and more focus on cool than strength. However, due to his popularity, he has been given special powers such as being able to jump very high and super strong kicks, and thus he often wins in matchups that would seem unfavorable. He can attack other characters with his red boxing gloves.